Add support for network device limits.priority option (#12135)
canonical/lxd: doc/api-extensions.md

## `syslog_socket`

This introduces a syslog socket that can receive syslog formatted log messages. These can be viewed in the events API and `lxc monitor`, and can be forwarded to Loki. To enable this feature, set `core.syslog_socket` to `true`.

## `instances_nic_limits_priority`

> This introduces a new per-NIC `limits.priority` option.

Reviewer: We could add here " that works with both cgroupv1 and cgroupv2 unlike the deprecated limits.network.priority instance setting which only worked with cgroupv1".

> This introduces a new per-NIC `limits.priority` option that works with both cgroupv1 and cgroupv2 unlike the deprecated limits.network.priority instance setting which only worked with cgroupv1.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This introduces a new per-NIC `limits.priority` option that works with both cgroup1 and cgroup2 unlike the deprecated `limits.network.priority` instance setting, which only worked with cgroup1.
```
